

The scale of array is: 1000


insertSort using:0.003s 
the result is: true

selectSort using:0.009s 
the result is: true

bubbleSort using:0.011s 
the result is: true

QuickSort using:0.001s 
the result is: true

shellSort using:0.004s 
the result is: true

mergeSort using:0.002s 
the result is: true

heapSort using:0.0s 
the result is: true

radixSort using:0.0s 
the result is: true

The scale of array is: 10000


insertSort using:0.029s 
the result is: true

selectSort using:0.306s 
the result is: true

bubbleSort using:0.226s 
the result is: true

QuickSort using:0.001s 
the result is: true

shellSort using:0.031s 
the result is: true

mergeSort using:0.041s 
the result is: true

heapSort using:0.003s 
the result is: true

radixSort using:0.002s 
the result is: true

The scale of array is: 100000


insertSort using:3.724s 
the result is: true

selectSort using:24.75s 
the result is: true

bubbleSort using:31.747s 
the result is: true

QuickSort using:0.01s 
the result is: true

shellSort using:3.219s 
the result is: true

mergeSort using:2.519s 
the result is: true

heapSort using:0.016s 
the result is: true

radixSort using:0.011s 
the result is: true




The scale of array is: 1000000


insertSort using:1781.135s 
the result is: true